# UEFA-CL-EL-ECL-Draw-Simulator

##### This project was made in Python with the help of the Tkinter GUI framework. A simple and user-friendly draw simulator for all three UEFA competitions in association football.

### A Python program that uses TKinter to simulate UEFA Champions/Europa/Conference League Draws. First, the user should choose between the UEFA Champions, Europa, or Conference League. Next, the user should choose the stage for which they would like to do the draw. Champions league has 3 stages: group stage (32 teams in 4 groups of 8), round of 16 (8 2-team matches), quarter finals (4 2-team matches).  Europa League has group stage (32 teams in 4 groups of 8), playoffs (8 2-team matches), round of 16 (8 2-team matches), quarter finals (4 2-team matches). Conference League has group stage (32 teams in 4 groups of 8), playoffs (8 2-team matches), round of 16 (8 2-team matches), quarter finals (4 2-team matches). Group stages have 4 pots of 8 teams: pots 1-4, with pot 1 being drawn into groups first and pot 4 being last. The playoffs has two pots of 8 teams each: pot 1 drawn first in each match-up and pot 2 after that. The round of 16 has two pots of 8 teams each: pot 1 drawn first in each match-up and pot 2 after that. The quarter finals have no pots. After making the choice, the user should enter teams by team name and country, depending on the stage they chose. Once that's done, the draw should be simulated randomly. In the case that 2 teams of the same nation are drawn in the same group or against each other (only applicable in group stage and round of 16), the simulator should restart and make sure it doesn't happen again. 
